README.md, before:

EECS 493 Course Website
=============

The website is hosted by GitHub Pages from the `/docs/` directory in the `master` branch, containing the course homepage website (in `eecs493.org/`), and the assignment specs and starter code (in directories with prefix `a`).

The course homepage was adapted from eecs485.org. The specs were written using primer spec.

## Contributing

### Course Website

To update the course website, modify the files in `/docs/eecs493.org/` in `master` branch and push to GitHub.

Here are a list of things that need to be updated each semester for the course website (nearly comprehensive, please add more items to this list if you find them):

`syllabus.html`

- [x] Term (e.g., Winter 2025)
- [x] Instructors and their contact info
- [ ] Link to past semester's awesome final projects

`index.html`

- [ ] Links to course resources (e.g. Gradescope, Canvas, Piazza, etc.)
- [ ] Dates/Times (of lectures, office hours, due dates, etc.)
- [ ] Course schedule
- [ ] Course Google Calendar link
- [ ] People section

### Assignment Spec and Starter Code

To update the assignment spec, modify the markdown file in each of the assignment directories (e.g., `/docs/a2-asteroids-menu/`).

Do NOT directly modify the starter code in this repo; please see each assignment's own repos for more instructions.

## Future TODOs

- Upgrade to GitHub Teams to host course website from a private repo - [#2](https://github.com/eecs493staff/eecs493staff.github.io/issues/2)
    - Can also encapsulate each assignment spec into its own website by moving them to their respective private repos
- Improve GitHub Pages config to fix Google search result issue - [#3](https://github.com/eecs493staff/eecs493staff.github.io/issues/3)

Commit message:

Update course website semester and announcement

README.md, after:

EECS 493 Course Website
=============

The website is hosted by GitHub Pages from the `/docs/` directory in the `master` branch, containing the course homepage website (in `eecs493.org/`), and the assignment specs and starter code (in directories with prefix `a`).

The course homepage was adapted from eecs485.org. The specs were written using primer spec.

## Contributing

### Course Website

To update the course website, modify the files in `/docs/eecs493.org/` in `master` branch and push to GitHub.

Here are a list of things that need to be updated each semester for the course website (nearly comprehensive, please add more items to this list if you find them):

`syllabus.html`

- [x] Term (e.g., Winter 2025)
- [x] Instructors and their contact info
- [ ] Link to past semester's awesome final projects

`index.html`

- [ ] Links to course resources in the left navigation menu (e.g. Piazza, Canvas, Gradescope, etc.)
- [x] Term (pick a color of your choice!)
- [x] Announcement (e.g., write something like "Welcome to EECS 493!" and other important info)
- [ ] Dates/Times (of lectures, office hours, due dates, etc.)
- [ ] Course schedule
- [ ] Course Google Calendar link
- [ ] People section

### Assignment Spec and Starter Code

To update the assignment spec, modify the markdown file in each of the assignment directories (e.g., `/docs/a2-asteroids-menu/`).

Do NOT directly modify the starter code in this repo; please see each assignment's own repos for more instructions.

## Future TODOs

- Upgrade to GitHub Teams to host course website from a private repo - [#2](https://github.com/eecs493staff/eecs493staff.github.io/issues/2)
    - Can also encapsulate each assignment spec into its own website by moving them to their respective private repos
- Improve GitHub Pages config to fix Google search result issue - [#3](https://github.com/eecs493staff/eecs493staff.github.io/issues/3)
