docs/a5-artist-search/README.md, before:

---
layout: spec
title: a3-artist-search
---

EECS 493 Assignment 5: Artist Search
======================================

| Total     | Released | Due                         |
| --------- | -------- | --------------------------- |
| 100 points| FIXME    | **FIXME at 11:59 PM ET**    |

## Submission Instructions

Please submit your work to Canvas as a zip file, named `a5_<uniqname>.zip`. Replace `<uniqname>` with your uniqname: e.g. `a5_zhaojer.zip`, note that the angle brackets should NOT be included in your filename. Renaming (e.g., "-1") done by Canvas is fine.

This zip file should have a *single directory* containing *all files and directories* provided in the starter code. In other words, the zip file should have the following structure.

```console
a5_uniqname
├── README.txt (OPTIONAL)
├── img
│   ├── 1.jpg
│   └── 2.jpg
├── index.css
├── index.html
├── loading.gif
└── script.js
```

Not following the upload instruction will result in a penalty.

Commit message:

Add objective and grading breakdown in Assignment 5 spec

docs/a5-artist-search/README.md, after:

---
layout: spec
title: a5-artist-search
---

EECS 493 Assignment 5: Artist Search
======================================

| Total     | Released | Due                         |
| --------- | -------- | --------------------------- |
| 100 points| FIXME    | **FIXME at 11:59 PM ET**    |

## Submission Instructions

Please submit your work to Canvas as a zip file, named `a5_<uniqname>.zip`. Replace `<uniqname>` with your uniqname: e.g. `a5_zhaojer.zip`, note that the angle brackets should NOT be included in your filename. Renaming (e.g., "-1") done by Canvas is fine.

This zip file should have a *single directory* containing *all files and directories* provided in the starter code. In other words, the zip file should have the following structure.

```console
a5_uniqname
├── README.txt (OPTIONAL)
├── img
│   ├── 1.jpg
│   └── 2.jpg
├── index.css
├── index.html
├── loading.gif
└── script.js
```

Not following the upload instruction will result in a penalty.

## Assignment Objective

The objective of this assignment is for you to gain practical experience with the MVC pattern using Vue.js, a web application development framework, and Bootstrap, a CSS framework for responsive design. Specifically, you will create a website that searches for artists using the iTunes API.

Watch this video for an overview of this assignment: [https://youtu.be/uZ_q3TYPZTY](https://youtu.be/uZ_q3TYPZTY)

*Remark: The search results from the video may not be up to date. Please refer to the screenshots below for more recent, accurate results.*

## Grading Breakdown

The assignment has 6 main components and 1 optional component (denominator of 100 points):
1. Search Bar - *25 points*
2. Artists Grid - *30 points*
3. Navigation Tabs - *5 points*
4. Track Information - *5 points*
5. Genre Selection - *20 points*
6. Sort Menu - *15 points*
7. (Optional) Bonus Features - *up to 10 points*
